Improve lifecycle's documentation (#1218)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/fundamentals/lifecycle-events.md

| `onApplicationBootstrap()`      | Called once all modules have been initialized, but before listening for connections.                                                                                                                              |
| `onModuleDestroy()`\*           | Called after a termination signal (e.g., `SIGTERM`) has been received.                                                                                                                                            |
| `beforeApplicationShutdown()`\* | Called after all `onModuleDestroy()` handlers have completed (Promises resolved or rejected);<br />once complete (Promises resolved or rejected), all existing connections will be closed (`app.close()` called). |
| `onApplicationShutdown()`\*     | Called after connections close (`app.close()` resolves.                                                                                                                                                           |

> \* For those events, if you're not calling `app.close()` explicitly, you must opt-in to make them work with system's signals: see `Shutdown application` section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* For these events, if you're not calling `app.close()` explicitly, you must opt-in to make them work with system signals such as `SIGTERM`.  See [Application shutdown](#application-shutdown) below.
```

#### Application shutdown

The `onModuleDestroy()`, `beforeApplicationShutdown()` and `onApplicationShutdown()` hooks are called in the terminating phase (in response to an explicit call to `app.close()` or upon receipt of system signals such as SIGTERM if opted-in). This feature is often used with [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) to manage containers' lifecycles, by [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) for dynos or similar services.

> Disabled by default for performances optimizations, to use these hooks **you must enable them** by calling `enableShutdownHooks()`, which listens to shutdown signals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shutdown hook listeners consume system resources, so they are disabled by default. To use shutdown hooks, you **must enable listeners** by calling `enableShutdownHooks()`:
```
